Your direction is more important than your speed.
Your competition isn't other people. Your competition is your ego. Your procrastination. The knowledge you neglect. Compete against that. 
Stop asking people for directions to places they've never been. 
Mistakes are a part of being human. Appreciate your mistakes for what they are: previous life lessons that can only be learned the hard way. 
A river cuts through rock not because of its power, but because of its persistence. 
The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down. 
Be a good person, but don't waste time proving it to others. 
Not everyone asking you questions is entitled to answers.
Don't be upset by the results you didn't get with the work you didn't do. 
Good judgement comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment. 
Without rain nothing grows. Learn to embrace the storms of your life. 
Some of the best changes aren't for show, but you can feel the difference. 
Don't be afraid to lose people. Be afraid of losing yourself trying to please everyone around you. 
Don't let the internet rush you. No one is posting their failures. 
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. 
Fall in love with yourself before you fall in love with anyone else. 
Don't talk, just act. Don't say, just show. Don't promise, just prove. 
Life is 10 percent what you make it and 90 percent how you take it. 
A diamond is a chunk of carbon that did well under pressure. 
When you deny someone an apology, you will remember it at the time you beg forgiveness. 
Fear is a reaction. Courage is a decision. 
Retreat?! Hell! Mohawk!
Never be a prisoner of your past. It was just a lesson, not a life sentence. 
A secret to happiness is letting every situation be what it is, instead of what you think it should be. 
Your best teacher is your last mistake. 
No amount of guilt can change the past, no amount of worrying can change the future. 
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced. 
Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain but all the happiness and growth occurs while you are climbing it. 
Hindsight is always twenty-twenty. 
Two things define us. Our patience when we have nothing, and our attitude when we have everything. 
You will never influence the world by trying to be like it. 
If you're not willing to learn, no-one can help you. If you are determined to learn, no-one can stop you. 
If you know, you know, don't complicate it by second guessing yourself. 
Anything that cost you your peace is too expensive. Let it go. 
Today was the tomorrow you worried about yesterday. 
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
Life is not all about milestones.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do.
Short cuts make long delays.
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.
I didn't get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it. 
Accept failure, everyone fails at something. But do not accept not trying.
The day you stop racing, is the day you win the race.
Don't dedicate yourself on the activities that destroy you, but on the ones that build you.
A bad day is not a bad life, it's a test of your will to continue. 
Kindness is a way of life, not a performance. 
Don't let getting lonely make you reconnect with toxic relationships. You don't drink the poison just because you're thirsty. 
Slow success builds character, fast success builds ego. 
Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt. 
If you don't take the time to figure out who you are, people will witness your actions and decide for you. 
There is no competition. It's just you vs you. 
The most incomprehensible thing about the universe is that it's incomprehensible. 
You will probably never remember the words you say in the heat of anger. But to the person receiving them, it might stay with them forever.
Measure your success in failures. 
Believe actions not words.
Happiness is the new rich. 
Health is the new wealth.
Creativity is not a competition. 
Temporary people, give permanent lessons. 
How would your past self look at you if they could see you now? 
Growth starts with honesty. The honesty to admit that nobody else is holding you back, you are your greatest challenge. 
The comfort zone is where dreams go to die. 
Stop expecting honesty from people who lie to themselves. 
If you are easily provoked, you are easily controlled. Restraint is power. 
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
You don't need more time, you need more discipline. 
If it doesn't bring peace, profit or purpose then don't give it your time, energy or attention. 
We cannot solve problems with the kind of thinking we employed when we came up with them. -Albert Einstein
Don't dream about success, work for it. 
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. — Winston Churchill
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm. 
Failure builds character. 
It’s not about better time management. It’s about better life management. 
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
Are you a doer or a wisher? 
I have stood on a mountain of no’s for one yes.
The greater the difficulty, the more the glory in surmounting it.
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is a quiet voice at the end of the day saying, I will try again tomorrow.
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever.
Perfection is not attainable. But if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Stand on the shoulders of giants.
Remember how far you've come, not just how far you have to go. You are not where you want to be, but neither are you where you used to be. 
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -Albert Einstein. 
Enthusiasm is common. Endurance is rare. 
I have not failed. I've just found 10000 ways that won't work. - Thomas Edison
You'll never be criticized by someone doing more than you. You'll always be criticized by someone doing less.
Everyone is fighting a battle you know nothing about. Be kind. 
Don't compare your chapter one to someone else's chapter twenty. 
Don't wait for an opportunity, create it. 
Do or do not. There is not try - Master Yoda
When you're good at something, you'll tell everyone. When you're great at something, they'll tell you. 
Not all treasure is silver and gold, mate. - Captain Jack Sparrow
I have no limitations. -Thomas Shelby
I don't pay for my suits. My suits are on the house or the house burns down. -Thomas Shelby
Never regret anything because at one point it was exactly what you wanted.
We suffer not from the events in our lives but from our judgement about them.
An adventure is never an adventure when it happens. An adventure is simply physical and emotional discomfort recollected in tranquility.
You don't know how strong you are until being strong is your only choice. 
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor. 
As we experience fewer problems, we lower our threshold for what we consider a problem.
Strive for progress, not perfection.
Just remember, 5 years ago you dreamed about where you are now. 
Life is easier when you don't focus on what everyone else is doing. 
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. 
Success is never owned, its rented. Rents due every month. 
Nothing is more conducive to peace of mind than not having any opinions at all. 
One day your parents picked you up, sat you down, and never picked you up again. 
Confidence is quiet, insecurities are loud. 
If you want to build a ship, don't drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea.
The most desired gift of love is not diamonds or roses or chocolate. It is focused attention.
If you are good you'll tell everyone. If you are great people will tell you.
Starve the ego, feed the soul.
The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried.
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.
All the forces in the world are not so powerful as an idea whose time has come.
I know that I am intelligent, because I know that I know nothing.
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship.
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.
The years teach much which the days never know.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance.
Too much agreement kills a chat.
No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong. -Albert Einstein
Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. Be kind. Always
It always seems impossible until it's done. -Nelson Mandela
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, I will try again tomorrow. 
The lone wolf dies, but the pack survives - Sansa Stark
Choose people who choose you - Cesqeaux
